[Autogenerated] No way.
Let's pick up where we left off and let's start talking about distributor Now.
Distributor is going to allow us to package our own
software to install on our managed instances.
So it's essentially allows us to publish software to install so
you'll see some ones that are provided here,
for instance, Amazon Cloudwatch agent.
And this is gonna install the cloudwatch agent on our instances that we specify.
So let's just see what creating one looks like.
I click on create.
We can do simple or advanced, and let's just go ahead and do simple.
For the sake of the length of this video we give our package of name,
we can give it a version.
We specify where we want to pull this info from,
and you can see my version was wrong.
So what I would do is I could specify the URL.
We would add software as needed.
We would create a manifest which shows what's being
installed and what version this is.
And then will we create our package and then using are distributed package,
we could select it, install on a schedule or install one time.
So if I do install one time.
Once again,
it brings us to our run command documents because
documents are how systems Manager operates.
It all operates on documents in the background,
so you can see we're configuring a package were installing.
Here's the name of the package.
We can specify the version.
We do the same old thing where we select our resource group.
Our parameters will skip all this.
I won't write to s three.
And then what I would do is I would run this.
So if I click on run,
what this is doing is if we had a managed instance in that resource group,
it would run and install that CLOUDWATCH agent on that instance.
And there we go right there.
So success,
and you can see that it installed CLOUDWATCH agent with
this version number on our server.
So now, on that instance, we have cloudwatch agent installed,
and we can configure it to push to our law groups for
centralized monitoring and logging.
Now we'll talk about cloudwatch and depth later on,
so I'm not gonna go into that on this.
I just wanted to show you how distributor works for distributing
our own custom packages or Amazon provided ones.
So let's go ahead.
Let's take a break here and then when you're ready,
will move on to shared resource is where we're gonna look at documents at a deeper level.